who wants to do music needs money
at least if you are professional
want to afford musical instruments
but also different
today there is a workshop in bremen
Given there have hobbies and
Bastian can learn how to deal with the
simplest means of building instruments
alexander not has a real freak up
know his name
chicken soil john his profession
guitars out of cigar boxes build yes
Also a few seasoned guitarists
are the first guitars construction workshop in
Germany came
forget everything about your guitar
can guys for you will be really hard
the ingredients for this very original
guitar harmonizing body of a wooden bridge
whirl around a bit electric pages
oh yes and a lot of work
individual does not know you
we still had it from the east
nothing else cigar boxes cars
thought
also we try on a buten un
in the guitar with some help
send
Jean is actually an architect but since
five years built almost exclusively
cigar boxes and guitars
regular workshops they have made
from a box a piece of wood that is so
sad that's not real to mike horn
under was infected
the original idea was born in
america wanted the then slaves
I had no guitars and no music
have become innovative meanwhile there are
a small cigar box guitar scene
which produces many works of art
our guitar still has to be
someone will solder the pickup thank you
Send brawn john still fast the
soundcheck works an autograph
would be missing even very pretty
the pages still finished is ours
guitar and 30 guitars
a lot of people are proud of their pioneering work
in the air
robert rock played so if you then
something else comes out of it now you have to
we can only play it
excellent first own guitar
rule like my first colleague
meat suffered right there
so i can i can do the word i can
the mini bockum and something like that too
build the big one
and here she is the buten inside
and all great and hollow berlin
we have just seen in the movie
is live in our studio tonight
He is sitting there and he will do it naturally
for them it's been a play
living legend in england he is
blues musicians and they would become them
now note hollow valley with julien
have fun
I can
the vertigo lies
the me
I give him that
bocelli
how so
knowledge
green energy
Wow